feat: add aggregationSize property in RS API (#175)
appbaseio/Docs: content/docs/search/reactivesearch-api/reference.md

> 1. Sort by as `count` doesn't work with composite aggregations i.e when `pagination` is set to `true`.
> 2. The [missingLabel](/docs/search/reactivesearch-api/reference/#missinglabel) property also won't work when composite aggregations have been used.

### aggregationSize

To set the number of buckets to be returned by aggregations.

| Type  | Applicable on query of type | Required |
| ----- | --------------------------- | -------- |
| `int` | `term`                      | false    |

> Note:
> 1. This property can also be used for `search` type of queries when `aggregationField` is set.

> > 2. This is a new feature and only available for appbase versions >= 7.40.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 2. This is a new feature and only available for appbase versions >= 7.41.0.
```
